Whats an aggressive but acceptable amount of re-posting articles on LinkedIn? I want to grow my name through linkedIN as being involved in AI. I've really taken up studying and learning AI the last 10 months and I finally got promoted at Anker to the only AI manager/employee in North America. If all goes well...They'll expand it to WW. Anyways.I'd like to start getting my name out there because I have literally no social media presence outside of LinkedIN, which I normally dont even use until I have to start looking for a new job (Good or bad). But I want to begin changing that. I really see myself excelling in this field because I finally foudn something that really clicks and I understand it better than most when I talk to them. I also have over 50 projects/completed scripts with around 8 of those being what I would consider large projects and 2 of them being Expert Level that took me the entire 10 months to build. They're only google app scripts but I essentially am running an entire server platform across my team just by using scripts. So its actually a beast. I'd like to begin making some side money through selling software or setting up automations for individuals or companies. But I also need to stay within my companies guidelines. So Im not going to be putting up posts on LinkedIN advertising my services. Ii'm connected to a lot of people at Anker and thats not the look I want them seeing from me. Point is... I DO want to start spreading my name but not by actually offering services at the moment. Now... Social Media presence...I've got 100 FB friends from the town I grew up in. I have no twitter followers (actually I think 1 random person follows me but ive never tweeted), I have no snapchat, no tick, no tock, no pentrist. You get the point. I do have ~1200 connections on LinkedIn. Honestly probably 100 of those are people I've worked with in the past or present and the rest have just come from being a member since 2010 or whatever. So I don't exactly have a headstart on social media and Im 37 years old. So my thoughts are that I'm going to re-post AI and technology postings from Google, Anthropic.....you get the idea here too. And try to engage with others on LinkedIN. I'm also going to start reaching out to people and just connecting. But I figured i could start helping myself grow now before an unlucky day hits and I am forced to rely on it. So..... As long as I'm not just posting SPAM and crazy emojis trying to obnoxiously attract people, whats a responsible, but aggressive approach to start getting a following? How many posts per day?

- I want you to come up with a full game plan on optimizing my profile page as well. I haven't updated it in about 15 months since I was hired on with Anker in August 2024. The latest change I made on there is my position of when I was hired at Anker, which has now changed twice.

But also, then a strategy for engagement with as in reaching out to new people. How many do I reach out to? I'm sure I need to make them personalized in order to gain more traction. What's a good strategy there? And also then what's a good strategy across other platforms? Whether it be anything starting up. I mean, like I said, I don't have any followers or accounts, so I don't know if any of those are good ideas. But I know it's pretty much impossible to get any traction at all within YouTube on the in the tech industry. And yes, I know that you run that, but it's a bullshit webpage!

But yeah, so any strategy at all moving forward. Posting on Fiverr, Upwork, you know, doing things I can do side projects that don't interfere or conflict with Anker's guidelines, which I do know the guidelines. I just need to make sure and create everything on my own personal computer. In my own time, and so I am totally comfortable doing that. I just don't want to post it all over LinkedIn and the other platforms I can post whatever I want as I don't have any connections with work there. Overall, I definitely want to grow as fast as possible! I just don't know how. 